docs: fixed links,revised the docs of overview, quickstart and first 2 parts of tutorial (#3877)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/tutorial/0-introduction/2-select-framework.md

import { SelectTutorialFramework } from '@site/src/components/select-tutorial-framework';

> **refine** is a headless framework by default, which means that you can build your app without any UI frameworks. Ig you want to use one, however, **refine** offers built-in support for the most popular UI frameworks such as **Material UI**, **Ant Design**, **Mantine** and **Chakra UI**. Using one of these frameworks can significantly speed up your app's UI development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**refine** is a headless framework by default, which means that you can build your app without any UI frameworks. If you want to use one, however, **refine** offers built-in support for the most popular UI frameworks such as **Material UI**, **Ant Design**, **Mantine** and **Chakra UI**. Using one of these frameworks can significantly speed up your app's UI development process.
```
